User Guide:

The Game opens with a Start screen. There is an image of Naruto and Sasuke, a Go Button and four 
Radio Buttons (two under each image) that allow the player to choose how they want to play. The 
player can choose multiplayer, so both characters are controlled by key input, or single player, 
where one player is controlled by key input and the other is controlled by the computer. Only one player 
can be the computer.

Ex. Naruto → Player & Sasuke → Player
Naruto can be controlled with up, down, left, right keys for movement & 
space for attack & enter for super attack
Sasuke can be controlled with "a" for left, "d" for right, "s" for down, "w" for up movements 
& Tab for attack & "r" for super attack

Ex. Naruto → Player & Sasuke → Computer
Naruto is the same as above & Sasuke is controlled by the computer

Ex. Naruto → Computer & Sasuke → Sasuke
Sasuke can be controlled with up, down, left, right keys for movement 
& space for attack & enter for super attack
Naruto is controlled by the computer 

Being controlled by the computer allows for diagonal movement, 
while key input does not.

When the player presses the Go Button, the Start screen disappears and the characters start 
in their initial positions (the same every time, opposite ends of the screen).

When the game starts, there are health bars and health numbers and super attack bars for each character. 
The health bars and health numbers only change when the character loses chakra, either by getting 
hit by an attack or super attack, or by making an attack or super attack. 

The actual attack is just an image that shows up (a fireball, a razengan, a razenshuriken, 
or a chidori). The attack image will move with the attacking character if the character is moving, 
for the duration that the image is shown. The attack image disappears after its duration.

The super attack bar starts filling up as soon as the game starts (it fills completely after 20 seconds), 
and when the bar is full, a label that says “Super!” pops up for one second to give an extra reminder. 
When the character makes a super attack, the bar empties and then starts filling up immediately after.
If the character doesn’t use the super attack right after the bar fills up, the bar stays full until
they do.

For attacks, the character can only attack every 3 seconds (this makes sure the attack disappears and that
playing against the computer is fair).

There are certain attack ranges for attack and super attack. To get hit by an attack, 
the receiving character must be no more than 240 pixels away from the attacking character, 
and 600 pixels away for a super attack. A received attack will result in losing 10 Chakra 
(displayed in the health bar and the health number) and a received super attack results in 
losing 20 Chakra. The attacking character will lose 2 Chakra every time they attack, 
5 Chakra for super attack, regardless of whether the other character loses points. 
A received regular or super attack will also make the receiving character fade out and then back in.

Ex. Naruto uses attack & Sasuke is 100 pixels away
Sasuke loses 10 Chakra, fades in, and fades out and Naruto loses 2 Chakra

Ex. Sasuke uses super attack & Naruto is 800 pixels away
Sasuke loses 5 Chakra and Naruto is unaffected

A user can pause the game by pressing “p,” and unpause the game by pressing “p” again. 
When any character hits 0 Chakra, a label saying “Game Over” appears, and another label appears 
depending on who hit 0.

Ex. Naruto hits 0 first
A label under “Game Over” appears saying “Sasuke Wins!”

Ex. Sasuke hits 0 first
A label under “Game Over” appears saying “Naruto Wins!”

Ex. They hit 0 at the same time
A label under “Game Over” appears saying “Draw!”

*A bit more on computer control:
The computer control tries to mimic human player control. By using a queue and 
several if statements to determine the computer’s action, the computer is not very predictable, 
however, this can make playing against the computer hard at times and easier at others. 
